Day 1, 10th Month of Ramon Ivanov 4th's Rule
It has been a day since the knights of the golden dragon sealed us inside the egress of the imperial prison. 
I can barely see anything in this pitch-black place. I miss the sun and the fresh air outside. 
How did I end up here? I was just doing my job, building the new temple for our goddess Glacia. 
They accused us of treason, claiming that we were planning to rebel against the empire. 
It's not true. We are just peaceful followers of Glacia.

Day 10, 10th Month of Ramon Ivanov 4th's Rule
I am starting to lose hope. The food and water supply is running low. 
We are all hungry and thirsty. I try to stay strong and pray to Glacia for her protection, 
but it's getting harder every day. I hear the others whispering about cannibalism. 
They say it's the only way to survive. But I can't imagine eating another human being. 
It goes against everything I believe in.

Day 30, 11th Month of Ramon Ivanov 4th's Rule
I can't take it anymore. The hunger is too much to bear. I have never felt so weak in my life. 
I tried to resist, but I couldn't. I ate a piece of flesh from one of the other workers. 
It tasted disgusting, but it was better than nothing. I am ashamed of myself, but I had no other choice. 
I hope Glacia can forgive me for this.

Day 60, 12th Month of Ramon Ivanov 4th's Rule
I can't believe what I have become. I am a monster. I have eaten so much flesh that it's starting
to affect my mind. I have strange cravings and hallucinations. I hear voices in my head, telling 
me to do unspeakable things. I try to fight them, but it's getting harder every day. 
I fear that I am losing my sanity.

Day 120, 13th Month of Ramon Ivanov 4th's Rule
I can't write properly anymore. My hands are shaking, and my eyesight is blurry. 
I have turned into a zombie, a living dead. I can feel my body decaying, but I can't die. 
Glacia, why have you forsaken me? What have I done to deserve this punishment? 
I hope that whoever finds this diary can learn from my mistakes and avoid my fate. 
Don't give up on your faith, no matter what happens. Glacia is always watching over us.
