Day 1:
I made a terrible mistake by coming down here into the imperial prison sewers. 
I did it for the promise of reward – stolen equipment and gold from a guild – as payment for a job I did. 
The job was sketchy at best, but I needed the money. Now I'm stuck down here, bitten by a giant snake, 
and in a lot of pain. The burrow I'm hiding in is small, but it has a makeshift shrine dedicated to Glacia. 
It's a small comfort, but I fear it won't be enough to save me.

Day 2:
The giant snake is still outside the burrow, and I'm starting to feel weaker by the hour. 
The torches seem to keep it at bay, but I'm not sure how long that will last. I can't stay here forever. 
I need to find a way out of this sewer, but the snake is blocking my only escape. 
As I lay here, I can't help but think about the stolen equipment and gold that I risked my life for. 
It wasn't worth it.

Day 3:
The snake is relentless. I've tried everything to get past it, but it always finds me. 
The torches are the only thing that seems to work. But I can't keep this up forever. 
I'm getting weaker by the minute, and I'm afraid that I won't be able to make it out alive. 
I'm haunted by the thought of the stolen equipment and gold. It was supposed to be my reward, 
but now it might be my downfall.

Day 4:
I've managed to gather more torches and place them around the burrow. The snake is still outside, 
but the light keeps it at bay. I know that I need to find the stolen equipment and gold if 
I want to make it out of here alive. It's a selfish thought, but I can't help it. 
The thought of dying down here without anything to show for it is too much to bear.

Day 5:
As I write this, I'm struggling to stay conscious. The venom from the snake's bite has taken over my body, 
and I know that I don't have much time left. I write this diary as a warning to others
– don't risk your life for something that's not worth it. The stolen equipment and gold weren't worth it. 
I hope that whoever finds this diary will learn from my mistake. As for me, I accept my fate. 
If you find the stolen equipment and gold, they're yours. 
I hope that you'll use them for something better than I did.
